sample.lattice.symmetry: 2
image.general.intermediate scattering
experiment.measurement.TSAXS
sample.type.single crystal
features.variations.symmetry halo: 18
substance.instrumental.AgBH
features.variations.symmetry ring: 16
image.general.form factor
features.main.ring: spotted
features.variations.ring: orientation distribution: sharp
image.general.weak scattering
features.variations.symmetry ring: 10
sample.type.mesostructure
sample.lattice.lamellar
image.measured.dark
features.main.diffuse high-q: anisotropic
features.main.diffuse high-q: isotropic
features.variations.higher orders: 5
features.variations.symmetry ring: 12
features.variations.higher orders: 19
instrumental.beamstop.wedge beamstop
features.variations.symmetry halo: 10
instrumental.beamstop.linear beamstop
features.main.ring: oriented other
sample.lattice.symmetry: 4
features.variations.higher orders: 8
features.main.halo: oriented OOP
features.variations.ring: width: intermediate
image.problem.zingers
substance.test.particular
features.variations.higher orders: 6
features.variations.symmetry ring: 4
features.main.ring: oriented OOP
image.general.structure factor
features.variations.symmetry halo: 20
instrumental.beamstop.beam off image
sample.lattice.FCC
features.variations.symmetry halo: 4
features.variations.higher orders: 20
features.main.halo: oriented other
image.measured.standard
features.main.ring: isotropic
image.problem.parasitic slit scattering: horizontal
features.variations.higher orders: 9
instrumental.detector.Conceptual256
image.problem.windowed obstruction
features.variations.higher orders: 4
features.variations.higher orders: 12
features.variations.symmetry halo: 12
features.main.halo: anisotropic
features.variations.symmetry halo: 8
features.variations.ring: orientation distribution: intermediate
image.problem.windowed scattering
image.problem.parasitic slit scattering: vertical
features.variations.higher orders: 3
features.variations.symmetry halo: 6
sample.lattice.symmetry: 6
features.variations.higher orders: 21
features.main.halo: oriented IP
sample.special.meso lattice SC
features.other.coherent speckle
features.variations.symmetry ring: 8
features.variations.higher orders: 15
features.main.diffuse low-q: isotropic
features.main.ring: textured
image.measured.sample
features.variations.higher orders: 10
features.variations.many rings
features.variations.higher orders: 16
features.variations.symmetry ring: 18
sample.type.polycrystalline
features.variations.ring: orientation distribution: broad
sample.lattice.hexagonal
image.problem.blocked
features.variations.symmetry halo: 2
sample.lattice.BCC
features.main.diffuse low-q: anisotropic
image.problem.windowed scattering: circle
features.variations.higher orders: 7
sample.type.large grains
features.variations.symmetry halo: 16
features.variations.symmetry halo: 14
features.variations.higher orders: 17
image.problem.parasitic slit scattering
features.variations.higher orders: 14
features.variations.ring: width: broad
image.measured.direct
instrumental.beamstop.circular beamstop
features.variations.symmetry ring: 20
image.general.form factor: sphere
features.variations.oval ring
features.variations.symmetry ring: 14
features.variations.symmetry ring: 6
features.main.halo: isotropic
image.general.strong scattering
features.variations.higher orders: 11
features.variations.ring: width: sharp
features.main.ring: anisotropic
features.variations.higher orders: 23
image.problem.saturation
features.variations.higher orders: 18
features.other.high background
features.other.background
features.variations.symmetry ring: 2
image.problem.windowed scattering: square
features.variations.higher orders: 13
features.variations.higher orders: 1
features.main.ring: oriented IP
features.variations.higher orders: 22
features.variations.higher orders: 2
