experiment.measurement.TSAXS
features.main.diffuse high-q
	features.main.diffuse high-q: anisotropic
	features.main.diffuse high-q: isotropic
features.main.diffuse low-q
	features.main.diffuse low-q: anisotropic
	features.main.diffuse low-q: isotropic
features.main.halo
	features.main.halo: anisotropic
	features.main.halo: isotropic
	features.main.halo: oriented IP
	features.main.halo: oriented OOP
	features.main.halo: oriented other
features.main.ring
	features.main.ring: anisotropic
	features.main.ring: isotropic
	features.main.ring: oriented IP
	features.main.ring: oriented OOP
	features.main.ring: oriented other
	features.main.ring: spotted
	features.main.ring: textured
features.other.background
features.other.coherent speckle
features.other.high background
features.variations.higher orders
	features.variations.higher orders: 1
	features.variations.higher orders: 2
	features.variations.higher orders: 3
	features.variations.higher orders: 4
	features.variations.higher orders: 5
	features.variations.higher orders: 6
	features.variations.higher orders: 7
	features.variations.higher orders: 8
	features.variations.higher orders: 9
	features.variations.higher orders: 10
	features.variations.higher orders: 11
	features.variations.higher orders: 12
	features.variations.higher orders: 13
	features.variations.higher orders: 14
	features.variations.higher orders: 15
	features.variations.higher orders: 16
	features.variations.higher orders: 17
	features.variations.higher orders: 18
	features.variations.higher orders: 19
	features.variations.higher orders: 20
	features.variations.higher orders: 21
	features.variations.higher orders: 22
	features.variations.higher orders: 23
features.variations.many rings
features.variations.oval ring
features.variations.ring
	features.variations.ring: orientation distribution: broad
	features.variations.ring: orientation distribution: intermediate
	features.variations.ring: orientation distribution: sharp
	features.variations.ring: width: broad
	features.variations.ring: width: intermediate
	features.variations.ring: width: sharp
features.variations.symmetry halo
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 2
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 4
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 6
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 8
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 10
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 12
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 14
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 16
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 18
	features.variations.symmetry halo: 20
features.variations.symmetry ring
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 2
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 4
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 6
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 8
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 10
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 12
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 14
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 16
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 18
	features.variations.symmetry ring: 20
image.general.form factor
	image.general.form factor: sphere
image.general.intermediate scattering
image.general.strong scattering
image.general.structure factor
image.general.weak scattering
image.measured.dark
image.measured.direct
image.measured.sample
image.measured.standard
image.problem.blocked
image.problem.parasitic slit scattering
	image.problem.parasitic slit scattering: horizontal
	image.problem.parasitic slit scattering: vertical
image.problem.saturation
image.problem.windowed obstruction
image.problem.windowed scattering
	image.problem.windowed scattering: circle
	image.problem.windowed scattering: square
image.problem.zingers
instrumental.beamstop.beam off image
instrumental.beamstop.circular beamstop
instrumental.beamstop.linear beamstop
instrumental.beamstop.wedge beamstop
instrumental.detector.Conceptual256
sample.lattice.BCC
sample.lattice.FCC
sample.lattice.hexagonal
sample.lattice.lamellar
sample.lattice.symmetry
	sample.lattice.symmetry: 2
	sample.lattice.symmetry: 4
	sample.lattice.symmetry: 6
sample.special.meso lattice SC
sample.type.large grains
sample.type.mesostructure
sample.type.polycrystalline
sample.type.single crystal
substance.instrumental.AgBH
substance.test.particular
